all right this is a turtle sup short one
shot one kill so I'm selling short
fading a retail B flag and I'm working
that bearish order block and annotating
the sell side liquidity you're going to
want to watch
this
slower because there's a lot of things
that I'm I'm making reference to it's
about 18 hours of Total uh screen
capture
over Thursday trading into the L session
of Friday
so I'm annotating that I'm willing to
let price go up to and
sweep these
highs
and that right there could have been the
close of the day when I was hitting the
consequent encouragement of August 13th
2024's daily fair value Gap you know
about that
level because of the annotations and
commentary I've been doing on the live
streams and the
reviews so if I wanted the full Daily
range it would have been there notice
where my entries were at the high of the
day okay so my question is
if if there's a smart money
entity how would they trade what would
it look
like oh it would look like
this now I would be interested in adding
to the position but it would have to
that come after midnight on the
following
day and what you're looking at here was
a market maker sell model that delivered
down to the August 13th 2024 daily fair
value Gap consequent encouragement it's
a midpoint of that that daily
Gap so this is winding
up see that the first FA you
got of Wednesday
so swept it a level I'm willing to see
it sweep it's
fine all of this right here is
potentially something I could have added
into but what I'm showcasing is is my
willingness to hold on to the trade
knowing where the algorithm will
absolutely say I'm not going to go here
so this is all areas where I could be
adding to the position
relative equal highs being
informed this is all on a one minute
chart okay that right there that would
be if I was going to add in the same day
that would be it in the last portion
of the daily range in the final hour
trading but I'm not interested in doing
that so I'm going to just hold what I
have
and I'm not watching the chart the whole
time here I knew what I was looking
for okay and all of this area here is a
potential R turning back into that endg
that could have been added and anytime
it touches that you get add more as long
as it doesn't take out the high between
2:30 p.m. and
3:00 that right there is a good
opportunity to add if you wanted to I
the turtle soup right
there the real turtle soup
this is how you operate inside of the
daily candlesticks and this is the
actual mechanics
of understanding what the the range will
do where it will go how it forms um that
way your your stop loss is in the right
place and that is using the blue lines
are the actual
Thursday's first favor value gap between
9:30 and 10 o'cl in the morning so that
was a change over in time so there was a
delay of data for one hour 5:00
pm to 6 p.m. that's the normal break in
price action and when it resumed I
started recording again you can notice
and verify all that in the upper leth
hand corner because I'm showing that the
market is open it's not Market replay
it's all live data and it's counting
down the minutes and hours so that's a
whole lot of
photoshopping that would take a whole
lot of effort and I have the entire
according to so anytime somebody wants
to say it didn't happen I got it all
okay I know if I upload it nobody's
going to sit there and really watch it
and they may scrub through the video and
they'll just see everything I'm showing
here just in a condensed form so this is
like like I said 18 some some odd hours
or
so condensed down into less than 9
minutes all right we're trading in the
agian
session of Friday trading once more down
into that consequent encouragement level
and then the sell side is just below
it and that limit order to cover at
$100,000 one single trade relative equal
highs being swept just before
9:00 there some smooth highs just to the
left and they've been tagged and once
more touching that first fair value gap
on September 4th 2024 find that in your
white golf
Books Okay and price
is working
that old first fair value gap on the 4th
of September
okay and we're getting ready get to
midnight
Friday all right so now we are in a new
trading
day touching that uh orange level that
is a pyramiding opportunity so if I
wanted to add more I could add it right
there retail sees all these little
things as bull
Flags I think that's a very large bull
flag starting at
9:00 and all of this is just them
working a price level that I've already
T about and the algorithm will start to
spool down into the 9:00 low and then
dig into and attack that
August 13th 2024 daily fair value Gap
low okay watch the watch the behavior of
price action here every time it makes
these little tiny little bull Flags
they're all fake retail
traps when you understand real order
flow not depth of Market not level two
you don't need all that stuff on you're
just look at the high time frame use the
levels I'm teaching you to
use and you'll be able to track it off
all but one single trade one single
trade at the highs entering
short and attacking
$100,000 daily
level one single
pull bro says I made $100,000 in 4 days
my question is what took you so
long all right so I'm sleeping here so
I'm about to wake up and uh come out and
check the
charts and my screen sa came on but you
watch the execution action and then uh
I'll move this around so you can see it
we'll zoom in take a look at the
executions this is what a smart money
Trader that elusive entity out there
that people say doesn't exist you're
listening to it all right so there
here's my fills that's hover over top of
the arrows that way you can
see there's my on the first one near the
high of the day me adding four and
adding four
more right
there and then here's the
exit man that's beautiful isn't
it hope you found it in cyle till next
time be safe
[Music]